README.md, before:

Mosel vim plugin
================

A compilation of usefull plugins for developing with
Mosel. The 'mosel.vba' vimball enables syntax highlighting and folding.
We also recommend two very usefull packages: SnipMate and Supertab which
can be used to add code snippet pasting and autocompletion.

Content
=======
* Supertab allows for auto-completion based on currently opened buffers
* Snippets allows for code snippet insertion
* Vim tools to develop Mosel application

Source:
* Supertab: http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=1643
* snipMate: http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=2540

Install All
===========
Open Vim and simply source the file makefile.vim:
> so makefile.vim

Install Mosel-Vim
=================
Simply enter the following command:
> vim -c 'so mosel.vba' -c 'q'

or load the file in vim and enter the following command:
> :so %

Install SnipMate
================
Simply enter the following command:
> vim -c 'so snipmate.vba' -c 'q'

Install Supertab
================
Simply enter the following command:
> vim -c 'so supertab.vmb' -c 'q'

Remove plugins
==============
> vim -v 'RmVimball supertab.vmb' -c 'q'
> vim -v 'RmVimball snipmate.vba' -c 'q'
> vim -v 'RmVimball mosel.vba' -c 'q'

Vim usefull command
===================
* F5: Compile model in current buffer
* F6: Execute model in current buffer
* F7: Profile execution of model in current buffer
* F8: List symbols of the module under the cursor

* ]] -> next procedure/function
* [[ -> previous procedure/function
* gf -> open file (works with 'uses')

Commit message:

Makefile.vim does not install vim after building it.

README.md, after:

Mosel vim plugin
================

A compilation of usefull plugins for developing with
Mosel. The 'mosel.vba' vimball enables syntax highlighting and folding.
We also recommend two very usefull packages: SnipMate and Supertab which
can be used to add code snippet pasting and autocompletion.

Content
=======
* Supertab allows for auto-completion based on currently opened buffers
* Snippets allows for code snippet insertion
* Vim tools to develop Mosel application

Source:
* Supertab: http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=1643
* snipMate: http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=2540

Building the VIM ball
=====================
If you want to build the VimMosel vimball after you have done some modifications then simply source the VIM script makefile.vim. It will package up all files into vimmosel.vba and supertab.vmb. You will then have to manually save the vimmosel.vba and supertab.vmb files:
> so makefile.vim

Install Mosel-Vim
=================
If you simply want to install the VimMosel plugins then you just have to download the vimmosel.vba file and then issue any of the following commands.

Simply enter the following command:
> vim -c 'so mosel.vba' -c 'q'

or load the file in vim and enter the following command:
> :so %

Install SnipMate
================
Simply enter the following command:
> vim -c 'so snipmate.vba' -c 'q'

Install Supertab
================
Simply enter the following command:
> vim -c 'so supertab.vmb' -c 'q'

Remove plugins
==============
> vim -v 'RmVimball supertab.vmb' -c 'q'
> vim -v 'RmVimball snipmate.vba' -c 'q'
> vim -v 'RmVimball mosel.vba' -c 'q'

Vim usefull command
===================
* F5: Compile model in current buffer
* F6: Execute model in current buffer
* F7: Profile execution of model in current buffer
* F8: List symbols of the module under the cursor

* ]] -> next procedure/function
* [[ -> previous procedure/function
* gf -> open file (works with 'uses')
